Status Table Page (#144)
BrightspaceUI/documentation: pages/components/status.md

---
layout: layouts/component-status
eleventyNavigation:
  title: Status
  key: status
  parent: components
  order: 1
---

# Component Status

> This page lists all our components, including [Labs]() components and even [requested]() components that haven't been built yet. We include the overall status of the component, but you can get the full details by clicking on the component name or its status.

Author: Links currently don't go anywhere yet.

To learn more on how we organize components see [Component Tiers]().

## Official Components
The "official" tier is reserved for components that have complete buy-in from design and are common to many pages or workflows in Brightspace.

> Official components adhere to our architectural guidelines, are localized and highly performant. They have a full suite of automated tests (include accessibility and perceptual diff), a demo page, and appropriate documentation.

Reviewer: I know you just lifted this from the Guide, but we've coalesced around "visual diff" so I think we should use that terminology here. I've updated the Guide to do the same.

```suggestion
Official components adhere to our architectural guidelines, are localized and highly performant. They have a full suite of automated tests (including accessibility and visual diff), a demo page, and appropriate documentation.
```

{% statusTable "official" %}

## ![labs icon](/img/labs-icon.svg) Labs Components

> Components that fall into the "labs" tier have some buy-in from design, at least in an experimental sense. They may not have a full pattern documented on design.d2l yet, but some design thought has gone into the component and where and how it should be used. The component has the potential to be used in multiple places.

Reviewer: Margaree's mostly borrowing from [this page in the Guide](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/guide/wiki/Component-Tiers). I agree though that "buy-in" is a little weird. "Support"?

Agree that we likely don't want to mention design.d2l here since the Catalogue will in all likelihood be replacing it:

```suggestion
Components that fall into the "labs" tier have some support from design, at least in an experimental sense. Some design thought has gone into the component and where and how it should be used. The component has the potential to be used in multiple places.
```

Another option would be to exclude this stuff entirely from this particular page and just show the tables, and then we move all the info about tiers -- why we have them, what they are, etc. -- into the secondary doc that you linked to above on Component Tiers.

> Components that fall into the "labs" tier have some buy-in from design, at least in an experimental sense. They may not have a full pattern documented on design.d2l yet, but some design thought has gone into the component and where and how it should be used. The component has the potential to be used in multiple places.

Author: So the wording in the status page is pretty much just directly copied from Jeff's design for the page. I like the suggestions though. I'll make them and run them by him to confirm.

> Labs components may not fully adhere to archutectural guidelines, and may be missing some tests or documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Labs components may not fully adhere to architectural guidelines, and may be missing some tests or documentation.
```

Author: 🤦‍♀️
